_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Financial Economist

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_photo.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a quantitative researcher in Citadel LLC's Equity Quantitative Research group. Previously, I spent over a decade at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York researching banking, financial intermediation, household finance, financial stability, and monetary policy. My policy roles included coordinating financial briefings to the NY Fed president, organizing the Financial Advisory Roundtable, and developing stress testing models. I have taught corporate finance at Princeton University as a Visiting Lecturer.

This page provides access to my academic research, blog posts, and code (soon!).

Commit message:

added outline in about and renamed pages

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: readme
permalink: /
subtitle: Financial Economist

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_photo.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a quantitative researcher in Citadel LLC's Equity Quantitative Research group. Previously, I spent over a decade at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York researching banking, financial intermediation, household finance, financial stability, and monetary policy. My policy roles included coordinating financial briefings to the NY Fed president, organizing the Financial Advisory Roundtable, and developing stress testing models. I have taught corporate finance at Princeton University as a Visiting Lecturer.

This page provides access to my research and code:

- [longform](longform/): my publications and working papers
- [shortform](shortform/): blogs and other bitesize content
- [repository](repository/): code and data
- [freeform](freeform/): miscellany (family/hobbies)
